this is the event the new helmet helmet
special aerodynamic a helmet that
specialty designed wine in the gallery
of the wind also thanks to the advice
provided by the most famous providers of
these mark cavendish
with this helmet he has already won many
you obviously fly a helmet all over
in the name of the reduction of the
air resistance as his shows
very compact and stringy shape
practically a middle ground from the prive
that is, the classic road helmet
of the species the t4 that the helmet that i
specialized equipped runners
use deny to time trial
all new construction shell all
new front doors plus small doors
rear wheels increased to increase
the air flow and therefore also the
ventilation that is still discreet
although this is a helmet
aerodynamic ie with a semi- shell
diosa the retention system and that
tested with special straps
trifix which therefore give the minimum
impediment on the ears
voltage regulation with one
wheel that allows you to adapt
the helmet has perfectly any
anatomy of the user's skull
three sizes produced sml